# PROBLEM STATEMENT

We are given a string and this time, that string may contain duplicate characters. We have to return all the possible subsets but they should be unique i.e., there should be no duplication. 

In previous problems, we did not care about unique subsets. We just cared about all the subsets. But here, we have to also take care of duplicates.

e.g. if string = "aab"

Then by previous solutions, the subsets will be ->

"", "b", "a", "ab", "a", "ab", "aa", "aab"

So here as we can see, 'a' and 'ab' are getting repeated. This is what this new problem says to avoid. So, with this new problem, our solution should look like ->

"", "b", "a", "ab", "aa", "aab"

So there are no duplicates.


Hence, this issue of unique subsets only comes when the given string has duplicate characters. e.g., in "aab", "a" is occuring more than once.


# RECURSIVE SOLUTION

When we make a recursive tree of "aab", without thinking about uniques, we will get all the substrings with duplication at the last nodes.

One simple variation that we can do is to use a Set because Set only stores unique values. So, instead of using an array to store all the subsets, we can just use a Set to store them. And so, finally, we will get a Set with only unique subsets that we can print.

# SUBSTRING VS SUBSEQUENCE VS SUBSET

************************************************

Substring -> Continuous portion of a string.

e.g. "abc" Here, ""ab" , "bc" all substrings beacuse they are continious. But, "ac" is not a substring.

So, for "abc" the substrings are -> "a", "b", "c", "ab", "bc", "abc", ""

************************************************

Subsequence -> A subsequence of a given string is generated by deleting some or no character of a given string without changing the order of the remaining elements. It can contain consecutive elements that were not consecutive in the original sequence.

e.g. "abc". Here, if we take "a" and take "c" and join them, we get "ac". This is not a substring but this is a subsequence because "a" and "c" are in the same order as they occur in the original string "abc".

"ca" is not a subsequence because "c" is occuring before "a" in this subsequence, whereas in the original string, "c" comes after "a".

So, for "abc", subsequences are -> "a", "b", "c", "ab", "bc", "ac", "abc", ""

************************************************

Subset -> In a subset, order does not matter. This means, in case of "abc", "ca" is also a subset of "abc" and "ac" is also a subset. So, no matter if one prints ca or ac, it will be considered a subset.


This means -> 

    ALL SUBSTRINGS ARE SUBSEQUENCES
    ALL SUBSEQUENCES ARE SUBSETS


